What is the difference between iterators and generators? Some examples for when you would use each case would be helpful.
Set_up: I have a .py file for each function I need to use in a program.
list.append() is the obvious choice for adding to the end of a list.  Here's a reasonable explanation for the missing list.prepend().  Assuming my list is short and performance concerns are negligible, is 
I have the following DataFrame:
I read through the zipfile documentation, but couldn't understand how to unzip a file, only how to zip a file. How do I unzip all the contents of a zip file into the same directory?
How can I achieve the equivalents of SQL's IN and NOT IN?
NumPy proposes a way to get the index of the maximum value of an array via np.argmax.
How can I represent an infinite number in python? No matter which number you enter in the program, no number should be greater than this representation of infinity.
What's the difference between:
What is the quickest way to HTTP GET in Python if I know the content will be a string? I am searching the documentation for a quick one-liner like:
I have created a Pandas DataFrame
I'm coming from the Java world and reading Bruce Eckels' Python 3 Patterns, Recipes and Idioms. 
What I need to do
I found some answers online, but I have no experience with regular expressions, which I believe is what is needed here.
Having issue filtering my result dataframe with an or condition. I want my result df to extract all column var values that are above 0.25 and below -0.25.
I have a data frame df and I use several columns from it to groupby:
I've come across situations where a current version of a package seems not to be working and requires reinstallation. But pip install -U won't touch a package that is already up-to-date. I see how to force a reinstallation by first uninstalling (with pip uninstall) and then installing, but is there a way to simply force an "update" to a nominally current version in a single step?
I want to create a series of lists, all of varying lengths. Each list will contain the same element e, repeated n times (where n = length of the list).
I have four different files named: main.py, vector.py, entity.py and physics.py. I will not post all the code, just the imports, because I think that's where the error is (If you want, I can post more).
I've got a dict that has a whole bunch of entries. I'm only interested in a select few of them. Is there an easy way to prune all the other ones out?
Given the name of a Python package that can be installed with pip, is there any way to find out a list of all the possible versions of it that pip could install? Right now it's trial and error.
I want to add an item to an existing dictionary in Python. For example, this is my dictionary:
I am working with code that throws a lot of (for me at the moment) useless warnings using the warnings library. Reading (/scanning) the documentation I only found a way to disable warnings for single functions. But I don't want to change so much of the code.
How does one round a number UP in Python?
Is there an easy way with Python f-strings to fix the number of digits after the decimal point? (Specifically f-strings, not other string formatting options like .format or %)
Is there any way to make pip play well with multiple versions of Python? For example, I want to use pip to explicitly install things to either my site 2.5 installation or my site 2.6 installation.
I am trying to fix how python plots my data.
I have a Unicode string in Python, and I would like to remove all the accents (diacritics).
Does time.time() in the Python time module return the system's time or the time in UTC?
I need a way to get a dictionary value if its key exists, or simply return None, if it does not.
How can I get the position of a character inside a string in Python?
I want to fill out a string with spaces. I know that the following works for zero's:
Dictionaries are ordered in Python 3.6 (under the CPython implementation at least) unlike in previous incarnations. This seems like a substantial change, but it's only a short paragraph in the documentation. It is described as a CPython implementation detail rather than a language feature, but also implies this may become standard in the future.
I am trying to pass a list as an argument to a command line program. Is there an argparse option to pass a list as option?
I'm just trying to streamline one of my classes and have introduced some functionality in the same style as the flyweight design pattern.
How to set the current working directory in Python?
After you train a model in Tensorflow: 
Just like C, you can break a long line into multiple short lines. But in Python, if I do this, there will be an indent error... Is it possible?
How would one create an iterative function (or iterator object) in python?
Very similar to this question but with the difference that my figure can be as large as it needs to be.
Is there a way to select pytest tests to run from a file?
For example, a file foo.txt containing a list of tests to be executed:
I have both python2.7 and python3.2 installed in Ubuntu 12.04.
The symbolic link python links to python2.7.
As we all know, there's list comprehension, like
I have a function in python that can either return a bool or a list. Is there a way to specify the return types using type hints?
Simple question here:  I'm trying to get the size of my legend using matplotlib.pyplot to be smaller (i.e., the text to be smaller). The code I'm using goes something like this:
In the tensorflow API docs they use a keyword called logits. What is it? A lot of methods are written like:

I'm running Mountain Lion and the basic default Python version is 2.7. I downloaded Python 3.3 and want to set it as default.
It's well known that comparing floats for equality is a little fiddly due to rounding and precision issues.

Want to improve this question? Update the question so it's on-topic for Stack Overflow.
                
I have a dataframe along the lines of the below:
I would like to include image in a jupyter notebook.
I have a directory which hosts all of my Django apps (C:\My_Projects). I want to add this directory to my PYTHONPATH so I can call the apps directly.
How do I format a floating number to a fixed width with the following requirements:
I query a model:
I'm using argparse in Python 2.7 for parsing input options. One of my options is a multiple choice. I want to make a list in its help text, e.g.
I am not sure why we need finally in try...except...finally statements. In my opinion, this code block
I want to completely remove Python 2.7 from my Mac OS X 10.6.4. I managed to remove the entry from the PATH variable by reverting my .bash_profile. But I also want to remove all directories, files, symlinks, and entries that got installed by the Python 2.7 install package. I've got the install package from http://www.python.org/. What directories/files/configuration file entries do I need to remove? Is there a list somewhere?
I need to produce a screencast of an ipython session, and to avoid confusing viewers, I want to disable all warnings emitted by warnings.warn calls from different packages. Is there a way to configure the ipythonrc file to automatically disable all such warnings?
How would you say does not equal?
When I try to use a print statement in Python, it gives me this error:
Like most Python developers, I typically keep a console window open with the Python interpreter running to test commands, dir() stuff, help() stuff, etc.
What does np.random.seed do in the below code from a Scikit-Learn tutorial? I'm not very familiar with NumPy's random state generator stuff, so I'd really appreciate a layman's terms explanation of this.
I have a dataset
What is the way to update a package using pip?
those do not work:
I've heard it said that multiline lambdas can't be added in Python because they would clash syntactically with the other syntax constructs in Python.  I was thinking about this on the bus today and realized I couldn't think of a single Python construct that multiline lambdas clash with.  Given that I know the language pretty well, this surprised me.
Do you know if there is a built-in function to build a dictionary from an arbitrary object? I'd like to do something like this:
If I have a class...
In Python, how do I read in a binary file and loop over each byte of that file?
Is there a way to find all Python PyPI packages that were installed with easy_install or pip?  I mean, excluding everything that was/is installed with the distributions tools (in this case apt-get on Debian).
I'd like to call a function in python using a dictionary.
I used to use perl -c programfile to check the syntax of a Perl program and then exit without executing it. Is there an equivalent way to do this for a Python script?
Given a DataFrame with a column "BoolCol", we want to find the indexes of the DataFrame in which the values for "BoolCol" == True
I have a Python program that uses YAML.  I attempted to install it on a new server using pip install yaml and it returns the following:
If you are creating a 1d array, you can implement it as a List, or else use the 'array' module in the standard library.  I have always used Lists for 1d arrays.
I have this string:

Want to improve this question? Update the question so it focuses on one problem only by editing this post.
                
I am trying to implement a "Digit Recognition OCR" in OpenCV-Python (cv2). It is just for learning purposes. I would like to learn both KNearest and SVM features in OpenCV. 
I need to install a package from PyPi straight within my script.
Maybe there's some module or distutils (distribute, pip etc.) feature which allows me to just execute something like pypi.install('requests') and requests will be installed into my virtualenv.
Is there a simple way to flatten a list of iterables with a list comprehension, or failing that, what would you all consider to be the best way to flatten a shallow list like this, balancing performance and readability?
I have a dataframe with over 200 columns. The issue is as they were generated the order is
I want to iterate through the methods in a class, or handle class or instance objects differently based on the methods present. How do I get a list of class methods?
I am in the process of learning Python and I have reached the section about the pass statement. The guide I'm using defines it as being a null statement that is commonly used as a placeholder.
How do I get the number of elements in a list in jinja2 template?
Since Python's string can't be changed, I was wondering how to concatenate a string more efficiently?
In Django doc,
It seems they canceled in Python 3 all the easy way to quickly load a script by removing execfile() 
I am trying to subtract one date value from the value of datetime.datetime.today() to calculate how long ago something was. But it complains:
Does Python support short-circuiting in boolean expressions?
I'm new to Python and Matplotlib, I would like to simply apply colormap to an image and write the resulting image, without using axes, labels, titles or anything usually automatically added by matplotlib. Here is what I did:
I have a script named test1.py which is not in a module. It just has code that should execute when the script itself is run. There are no functions, classes, methods, etc. I have another script which runs as a service. I want to call test1.py from the script running as a service.
I want to build a query for sunburnt(solr interface) using class inheritance and therefore adding key - value pairs together. The sunburnt interface takes keyword arguments. How can I transform a dict ({'type':'Event'}) into keyword arguments (type='Event')?
I have a directory that contains my Python unit tests. Each unit test module is of the form test_*.py. I am attempting to make a file called all_test.py that will, you guessed it, run all files in the aforementioned test form and return the result. I have tried two methods so far; both have failed. I will show the two methods, and I hope someone out there knows how to actually do this correctly.
In a program I'm writing I have Python use the re.search() function to find matches in a block of text and print the results. However, the program exits once it finds the first match in the block of text.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of each?
I've been making Python scripts for simple tasks at work and never really bothered packaging them for others to use. Now I have been assigned to make a Python wrapper for a REST API. I have absolutely no idea on how to start and I need help.
I have a Python file which might have to support Python versions < 3.x and >= 3.x. Is there a way to introspect the Python runtime to know the version which it is running (for example, 2.6 or 3.2.x)?
What's the easiest way to add an empty column to a pandas DataFrame object?  The best I've stumbled upon is something like

Want to improve this question? Update the question so it's on-topic for Stack Overflow.
                
On my local machine, I run a python script which contains this line
How can I convert a DataFrame column of strings (in dd/mm/yyyy format) to datetimes?
Right now I'm importing a fairly large CSV as a dataframe every time I run the script. Is there a good solution for keeping that dataframe constantly available in between runs so I don't have to spend all that time waiting for the script to run?
Is there a way to have a defaultdict(defaultdict(int)) in order to make the following code work?
I'm curious, whether there is any way to print formatted numpy.arrays, e.g., in a way similar to this:
I am getting a ValueError: cannot reindex from a duplicate axis when I am trying to set an index to a certain value. I tried to reproduce this with a simple example, but I could not do it.
In C# there's a null-coalescing operator (written as ??) that allows for easy (short) null checking during assignment:
